and welcome back to what's for Chow calm
today we're going to cook escargot
escargot Rockford to be precise
to start you will need 600 grams of
mashed potatoes chop the greens of three
spring onions and mix them into the
potato don't make a sloppy mesh it
should be quite stuff in order to absorb
the butter and cheese sauce
one 200-gram Synovus cargo will be
sufficient for two large portions or for
starter portions
wash the snails thoroughly to get rid of
the Brian
in addition to this way out 50 grams of
butter cut a 125 gram block of blue
cheese into two
and finely chopped 2 large cloves of
garlic
eat your pants a medium heat and add the
butter
add the snails and saute them for four
minutes
add the garlic to the pan and saute for
a further minute
use a slotted spoon to remove the snails
from the pan leaving as much of the
butter and garlic behind as possible
crumble one half of the blue cheese into
the pen
stir until the cheese melts into the
butter and remove the pan from the heat
spoon half of the
onto each platter flatten it out and
press six dimples into the surface
for the six dimples with half of the
snails and spoon over half of the source
heat your oven grill crumble the
blue cheese over the snails and grow the
platters until the cheese has melted and
started to brown remove from the oven
and serve sizzling hot
it is not necessary to add salt to the
escargot as the bleu cheese adds more
than adequate salt to the dish
you can find this recipe on what's for
Chow calm
thanks for joining us today keep it
cooking and we'll see you again tomorrow